Add generic pebble bed tutorial (#271)
idaholab/virtual_test_bed: doc/content/htgr/generic-pbr-tutorial/step2.md

We estimate averages for $\rho$ and $\mu$ using postprocessors. These are included in the `step2.i` file but are not discussed here. We find $\rho \approx 8.628204$ kg/m$^3$ and
$\mu \approx 1.991242 \times 10^{-5}$ Pa-s.
With these numerical values, we obtain:

!equation
\text{Re} = 40125 \\
\psi = 1.983 \\
\frac{dp}{dx} = -3493 Pa/m

As the length of the bed is 10 m, we expect a pressure drop of $34.93$ kPa.

## Adding pressure drop to the channel flow

We will use the KTA drag coefficient material in Pronghorn.
To use this material, the characteristic length (aka hydraulic diameter)
of the bed has to be set. For pebble beds, the characteristic length is the
pebble diameter, which we assume to be $0.06$ m consistent with typical
gas-cooled reactor pebbles. We create a real valued variable called
`pebble_diameter` for convenience at the top of the input file:

!listing htgr/generic-pbr-tutorial/step2.i start=T_fluid end=flow_vel

Then we need to add the friction coefficients to the finite volume Navier-Stokes action. This is done by adding the `friction_types` and `friction_coeffs` parameters.

!listing htgr/generic-pbr-tutorial/step2.i block=Modules

> Drag coefficients are often split up into a component that depends linearly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Drag friction sources are often split up into a component that depends linearly
```

> on fluid speed, called the Darcy coefficient and one that depends quadratically on flow speed, called the Forchheimer coefficient. The same distinction is made in Pronghorn.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
on fluid speed, called the Darcy friction (Darcy coefficient does not depend on velocity) and one that depends quadratically on flow speed, called the Forchheimer friction (Forchheimer depends linearly on velocity). The same distinction is made in Pronghorn.
```
